---
date: 2007-03-26
---
# 3/26/07

[Image missing from archive: https://web.archive.org/web/20070913235542im_/http://cinemassacre.com/gallery/Spaghetti_Western_POSTER.jpg]

*This was made for the [48 Hour Film project](https://web.archive.org/web/20070913235542/http://48hourfilm.com/), a worldwide filmmaking competition in which filmmakers race to finish a movie in less than 48 hours. Teams meet up Friday night and randomly draw a genre from a hat which could be "Action, sci-fi-, horror, superhero, buddy film, historical drama, mockumentary...etc." Then, every team gets the same 3 things which must appear in the film. A PROP, a CHARACTER, and a LINE OF DIALOGUE. Then the race is off, and the teams must come back in 48 hours with the final film done. All writing, shooting, and editing must happen within those 48 hours.*

*It's always a lot of fun and this was my 4th year in a row entering. After getting "spy", then, "mystery", then "spy" again as my genres, I was relieved to get "WESTERN" this time. The curse has finally been lifted. With this, it became much easier to come up with an idea. Also, I rounded up the smallest team possible with only two other teammates, Liam Mulvey and Matt Manahan who I only met last week. We all had a great time, and didn't stress. No elaborate lighting set-ups like the last years, and no external microphones. It was as low scale as it can get.*

*Our emphasis this year was just to make an entertaining little movie that would work well with a large audience. Watching it at the final screening is always a huge laugh fest and it was awkward always having the serious film. This time, we made it funny, and cast my friend Liam's two sons, Liam (age 6) and Michael (age 3) as the stars. It was challenging and fun at the same time. They're improvisation took the film in directions we could have never expected, but this also made it diffcult to match cut shots smoothly together. It was like trying to cut a documentary into a cinematic film, so it was a great excercise in editing and not to mention, directing. I brought Kyle Justin in to write a song "I'm just a kid" which he finished in about 3 minutes. It added another dimension of charm to the whole thing. In the end, we were all happy with the movie and had a good time.*

I will attend the screening!

Come and vote for us!

International House,

3701 Chestnut Street,

Philadelphia, PA

215-387-5125,

located at 37th and Chestnut Streets in the University City area,

one block south of Market Street and one block north of Walnut Street.

Sunday, April 1st, 2007 (no joke)

2:00 pm (I'm in group B)

Group A: 12pm

Group B: 2pm

Group C: 4pm

Group D: 6pm

Tickets can be purchased at the door. Tickets will sell out, so be sure to get in line early!

I don't know the price. go to [48hourfilm.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20070913235542/http://48hourfilm.com/philadelphia/) for more info

I will post the movie online in a week.