---
date: 2008-04-13
---
# 4/13/08

## LAST NIGHT:

## "Rocky Jumped a Park Bench" premiere!

Many people are asking how the screening went. Well, it went perfect! The crowd was cheering and laughing all the way through. Here's a few clips, so you can see for yourself. Yeah, I bootleged my own movie! Consider it a sneak preview.

[Broken flash embed]
 
A Q&A session happened afterwards, kind of abruptly, so I didn't have a chance to pass the camera for someone to record it. Afterwards, in the lobby, I found myself surrounded by an amazing crowd of fans. I autographed NES games, Gameboy Advance SPs, and got pictures with many of them. Thanks for coming out! Thanks to the film festival for an outstanding technical presentation. The picture and sound quality was amazing. It was part of the Rocky Balboa Picture show, a showcase of films based around Rocky and/or the identity of Philadeplhia. FRANKIE13 VS. THE WORLD (site?) (by James Eowan & Douglas Shaffer) was about an underdog like Rocky, taking on a worldwide competition in a Rock, Paper, Scissors tournament! [THIS IS MY CHEESESTEAK](https://web.archive.org/web/20091114232448/http://www.thisismycheesesteak.com/) (by Ben Daniels) was about the city's obsession with the cheesesteak, a food we can eat any day, any time. It brings together all the major steak shop owners in town. I found it very affectionate, humorous and deeply identifiable. Many people asked me about buying DVD's of Rocky Jumped a Park Bench. To obtain clearances from the locations, song rights, and movie clips would probably be impossible. After all, it's just something I did for fun, to pay tribute to the Rocky movies and its association with the city of Philadelphia. It's NON-PROFIT, and will be available free of charge on YouTube and various outlets online (Part 1 on April 25. Part 2 on April 30) Consider it a service to all the Rocky fans. It would be nice to see it full quality, so maybe I'll post a big full resolution download if I can figure out how to do it.